[mgmt] confluent release (#27672)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/confluent/arm-confluent/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History
    
## 3.0.0 (2023-11-07)

The package of @azure/arm-confluent is using our next generation design principles since version 3.0.0, which contains breaking changes.

> To understand the detail of the change, please refer to [Changelog](https://aka.ms/js-track2-changelog).

Author: ```suggestion
To understand the detail of the change, please refer to [Changelog](https://aka.ms/azsdk/js/mgmt/quickstart).
```
